the speed run getting a job folks I'm
going to show you
how I would find the companies the
messages I would send the step-by-step
instructions that I would follow to
build out my Hit List to go about the
hunt in the appropriate way
all about transcending being a clicker
right we don't have any clickers in this
community
clicker is someone that posts on Reddit
hey apply the 400 plus jobs and I I'm
not I haven't gotten one yet you know
why because you
and the
just clicked
you're a clicker
no Clickers
we don't click apply WE Network our way
in we get our work in front of real
living breathing human beings
that can can see what we've been able to
do that can see our githubs going back
most that can see our full stack
projects that can see the clients that
can see the volunteer organization that
can see the pull request that can see
the open source contributions that can
see the group projects that can see
all the work that you've done
which always goes out the window
when you just click apply so no Clickers
we're here to build Out The Hit List
live my goal tonight
is to find 10 companies that I could
realistically apply to right 10
companies uh that I could submit my
proposal to I'm gonna do five that are
local to me because local is always a
value-add and then I'm gonna do five
that are like Global remote companies
that companies that will hire you no
matter where else you live in this in
this beautiful world right so we're
trying to get 10 within the first three
hours I'm gonna go slower tonight
because I want to show you my process I
want to show you the things I think
through the things that I would actually
say
and then we're going to run it back on
Tuesday and I'm just gonna lock in music
will be playing I'm gonna get 30 done in
in three hours that's the goal so
tonight's a little slower we're going
for five and five right we'll probably
take the full the full class period
though just so I can explain how I'm
doing it the things I'm thinking through
and then I'm going to show you how you
could grind out your Hit List in one
class period That's the goal and then
we're gonna do it again because we got
some Hit List to do live for folks that
won uh one of the Raffles back in the
day so uh
let's get right into it I always set off
with some questions if you got some
questions I got some answers
you got some questions I got some
answers let's give folks another minute
or two to get in here and then we'll get
started
I know you said people shouldn't donate
would you rather folks donate instead of
gifting a sub
um gifting Subs help others not have ads
so I I guess that's good but I like
don't
like don't sub don't don't get don't
donate like
no
can you go over the Big O notation for
the stand-up problem uh no because that
problem wasn't about the Big O notation
um the Big O notation was uh something
that we're gonna work up to during stand
up it was more about our methods so once
we learn a little bit more we can come
back and talk about the the bigger
notation
Leon why do you still do this for us
like why because I want you to get jobs
I've been on the other end of not having
food and Engineering was the thing that
put food on the table
you can't have that experience and not
want it for others that's why I do what
I do I want you all to get jobs I want
you to have high paying high growth jobs
where you're happy
and then I want you to turn around and
help three other people do the same
thing
it's not about money
the program is free but there's a cost
and the cost is answering [__]
questions on Discord it's answering
questions here in chat it's turning
around when you get a job and hiring
three other hundred deaf folks to pull
up along with you that's the cost
we do that we we start to make a dent in
folks that need help most
hey thank you for the gifted thumbs
[Music]
you know I have to I appreciate that
thank you for being here and thank you
for all you do for the community
can't stop me Leon
I appreciate you
cool
I appreciate that ghost as long as this
Discord exists I'm happy to be part of
it and working to help others get us
where we all want to be hell yeah let's
do this
alrighty
uh looks like we got through some good
questions here
if there's any other big ones
beautiful all right so we're in it we're
in It to Win It like I said I'm going
for 10
right
I'm in it for 10. I want five that are
local and five that are remote uh that
are hiring anywhere I'm gonna take my
time show you exactly what I would do to
not click apply to get myself in front
of real people and so that's what we're
gonna do
um before we start
just in case we got some
clickers in the audience
I just want to demonstrate briefly
uh what clicking does one sec I need I
need to get something
all right
if you are
Clicker
this is your resume
and it's accurate because people that
just click apply this is what their
resumes always look like
blank nothing do you see
any full stack projects no
do you see any client work no do you see
GitHub with with three months of daily
history no
accurate this is what a clicker's resume
looks like
right if you click apply
if you click apply this is what happens
some ASMR going
all right
if you click apply
this is what you're doing with your
resume right
Yee
that's what you just did
you just you just you just eat it you
might as well have printed out your
resume
crumpled it up
and eated it
out the window
Emma B said knock the trees Leon not the
trees and here let me tell you why
printing out your resume thank you Emma
beef for highlighting this very
important Point let me tell you why
clicking apply is worse than printing
out your resume and eating it right
because
when I crumpled up my resume and I
needed it I I made Emma be angry
MMB is all up on Twitter right now Leon
is littering
Leon doesn't care about the environment
the trees they the they may be a good
software engineer but they don't care
about the environment right and they
tweet it
Emma B and I go way back this is this
for funsies uh they they tweet it
and somebody sees ah
there's Leon again destroying our forest
but they can code
oh well I've been trying really hard to
hire an engineer and maybe they might be
a good enough engine if if they can
still be an engineer with this many
people that don't like their inaction on
the environment uh maybe
they're just a really good engineer so
let me actually let me slide in their
DMS let me sliding the DMC are you
looking for a new engineering job and so
me printing out my resume
crumpling it up angering the math is
online
was actually more effective
than clicking apply and I actually eat
it that out my window
and as I eat it out the window
there just don't happen to be a falcon
that thought it was a a white a baby
white snowy owl and the falcon
grabbed it
and and it flew off into the distance
right and and it flew over the 405
and it didn't see
it didn't see the Tesla coming down the
405 and the person in the Tesla wasn't
paying attention because they had the
self-driving going on and the the bird
and the Tesla just boom
and it it startled the person that was
in the front seat and
they immediately turned on the
windshield wipers and the the blood is
being I should say that the bird is
being smeared across the windshield and
and through the the mess they could see
a small glimpse it says Leon
software engineer and they go oh
damn this is a sign I I've been trying
to hire a software engineer for a while
and they they reach over and and pull my
resume out out the [__] as they're going
down the 405. they see my email and they
send me an email saying hey I don't know
if this is Destiny or not but we got an
open position and and that's how I got
my last job right so so literally
printing out your resume crumpling it up
and eating it out the window is ten
times better than just clicking apply so
please don't be a
who you know
flicker all right we don't need you
all right do the things that we know are
going to help move the needle get your
hard work you've worked two damn hard
to just click apply
so tonight I'm going to show you the way
I'm going to show you how you can find
individuals with open roles the real
messages you could send I'm gonna put
them all in a document I'm going to
share the document after class you don't
have to furiously type along everything
I type you'll have at the end of class
tonight and then you are going to do the
same thing
you are going to start building out your
Hit List over our next two classes we
will do more hit lists I'm going to do
it live I'm going to show you how I can
beat the world record Hit List building
together but tonight I'm gonna we're
gonna take time
I'm going to show you the reality of it
things might go well they might go bad
you never know like this is real like I
I haven't prepped this I took a quick
peek at some stuff but I have no idea
what I'm about to get into
when I start looking on these sites and
and the people that we find all right
alrighty so
we're going for five and five five local
five remote and the reason why I'm doing
the five local first is being local is
an advantage you should always try and
start local
uh if you're privileged to have a
location that actually hires Engineers
uh you start there and then once you've
exhausted the uh the local job market
you move on to a remote and then you
move on to Global remote and so tonight
we're going to start local then we'll go
remote and then we'll get Global remote
alrighty so
I am blessed to be in La uh so the first
place I am going to start is in Los
Angeles and tonight I'm gonna start off
with a site called Angel list
angel.co jobs is the site I'm gonna
start off with uh the reason why I like
this site I'm gonna put it in chat here
uh is because once you sign up
I'll go to Lily on a second uh once you
sign up it's a little bit easier to find
folks that are already working at these
companies I showed you the Hit List
magic which shows you all the open roles
like how you can find all the open jobs
and all the job boards and all that
stuff so we'll do that probably on
Tuesday or Thursday next week when we're
trying to go for gold right like when
we're trying to to go for for the world
record I'll I'll pull out all the tricks
but as you're starting to get a little
bit as you're first starting out your
Hit List to get comfortable with the
process I recommend starting with
angelish and I'm going to show you why
because it's easier just to find folks
that are already working at the
companies and so that's what we'll start
off with
um then as we get further into The Hit
List building I'm going to show you
other sites uh we're gonna move on to
building out like going into specific
job boards that work well uh using
companies like matter Mark that will
show you all the companies that have
raised money Reese recently like that
would have budget to actually hire they
were going to pull out all the tricks to
beat our world record but tonight I'm
going to show you the things I do the
steps I take the tools I will use and
we'll do it together we're gonna have
some fun uh as always I like
please don't be weird I'm gonna be
pulling up all public information but
it's gonna be real people with real
lives uh don't be uh uh uh an oddity and
and do something inappropriate please
um let's go ahead and jump into this uh
let's let's make sure that there are no
I'm gonna you know I'm gonna give a
quick second for all the
clicker is the leave if you if you know
you're a clicker just get out leave this
isn't for you
I'll give you a second I'm going to take
a sip of my tea
what if I'm a recovering clicker as long
as you know the errors of your ways
you're welcome
all right
let's do this
all right so I'm going to start off with
Angel list
and right away on angelish you can you
can have some filters so I have software
engineer I'm going to add a few other
things here uh full stack uh front end
and back end might not move the needle
too much when it's just uh LA but once I
turn this remote off
to remote including remote jobs this
will have a bigger impact right
um so right now I'm going to say no
remote and you can put some filters on
it if you want right away uh some common
filters people will do is they'll just
restrict to like node or something like
that I don't right out the gate restrict
node if I'm if I'm if I'm staying local
right if I'm staying local
I don't
um I don't filter right away if I notice
that it's becoming overwhelming then I
can start filtering out for JavaScript
no just to find those experiences but I
kind of want to get a pulse uh on what
folks are asking for and I might pick up
a skill over a weekend to add to my
resume so that I can add to The Hit List
uh one thing I might do is
I could exclude some keywords I might
exclude senior
uh staff
uh lead
and actually I'm not going to get rid of
lead because that looked like it chopped
off significant so we're just getting
rid of some of the ones that that I I
don't feel like for this first wave of
my my search I I'm not going to include
uh you could even leave these off for
right now because it's still local
you're definitely gonna want these when
we go remote
um because remote's gonna uh give you so
it's gonna be like four or five thousand
different leads and you're going to want
to narrow those down to better fits for
you when it's local you can fudge a lot
more uh company size was also kind of
important to me I find The Sweet Spot
between like 11 and a thousand is where
I've seen students have the most success
early on doesn't mean that folks that
are applying to bigger companies or
smaller companies doesn't work it's just
something that I think through like
medium-sized companies typically I've
had better results with so something I'm
going to pay attention to not something
I'm going to filter right now
and I was going to start with these
these results okay now the other thing
I'm going to do is I'm going to filter
by last active so you could do most
recent like most recently post
um but active says jobs who engage most
recently first so I want folks that are
like actually on Angel list that are
actually posting
and I think that's a better way to sort
by uh than just kind of like recommend
or anything like that so last active I'm
gonna do
I have the the different jobs that I
might be interested in I have my area
and remote is off so now I feel like I
can start looking through these results
now before I start looking through the
results I want to make sure that I have
my sheet so exclamation point sheet in
chat if you don't have your networking
sheet remember the networking sheet also
has The Hit List as a tab so I'm in the
way
I'm just in the way
it was right there
right there
there's two tabs
right there's two tabs behind my head
one says networking and one says Hit
List uh we're using The Hit List The Hit
List is the tab that we're using and so
you can just do file
make a copy
right make a copy and then call it like
whatever you want so
networking
uh yeah just make a copy of it
save it to your drive
and and now you have your own copy of it
and once you have your own copy of it
you can just shift to The Hit List
um
and what you'll notice is that
everything you need here to kind of keep
track of what's Happening
right
all right keep track of what happening
so I'm gonna have on my Hit List the
company name uh the date that I added
them to the spreadsheet so like
did I add this company a year ago today
whatever the link to the job description
sometimes I put like the role if I'm if
I'm going fast I'll kind of skip this
stuff here and then I'm going to start
putting my contacts that I found at
those companies so the goal is to find a
company that's actively hiring find real
people at that company right uh whether
the name whatever their position uh did
you send them an email excuse me did you
send them an email
a Twitter DM a LinkedIn message like
what did you do uh to get in contact
with them and then did you have any
follow-up steps did you get a coffee
chat did you send a thank you letter
remember if you're looking at
exclamation point templates here in chat
you have plenty of thank you letter
templates that you can follow to send
your thank you letters after your
initial contact right thank you
Stephanie
um
so we have our
Hit List where we have the the name the
role the person we reached out to what
we did with that person so do we have a
coffee chat did we did we follow up
Etc so just a good place to keep track
of The Hit List when I'm going fast I
like to use the sheet just to get all my
contacts on here once I feel like I have
a decent hit list I got the 60 companies
that I found that are like local first
and remote and I've I've kind of
massaged it a little bit I might move to
a different platform I might move to a
hunter I might move to a notion with
like individual cards for each of these
contacts something that might help me
visualize the process a little bit
better but in the beginning I use the
sheet I like going fast I like adding
stuff and not having to think move
whatever just plop it in and keep moving
speed is the name of the game when
you're first kind of getting started
with your hit list and so I just have my
sheet exclamation point sheet if you
need it here in chat if you need the
email templates exclamation point
templates and chat you got them so now
we have our sheet we have our templates
we have our Angel list I'm gonna start
looking at some of these jobs will be
the use of notion some folks just like
to have like a kanban board where they
put each person on a kanban board and
they move it to like sent a message had
a coffee chat asked for a referral right
and they just kind of like moved the
cards across
I find that takes too much time for me
and I prefer the sheet in the beginning
once I'm deep in like reaching out to
folks and like I've already done the
prospecting then I think the kanban
board makes a little bit more sense and
I'll show you that next week
you can use GitHub projects yep exactly
like they're they're plenty of free
tools that do the kanban boards
but what you're noticing is that this is
a process
this is real work and um
the folks that are just you know
clickers just doing click click click
click click click click click click
click click click they
this is why it doesn't work if you're
putting in all this work
and they're just doing uh
come on now
come on now come on now
all right so we got our results we're
looking software engineer full stack
engineer front and back end we're
looking in the LA area remote is off no
filters
let's take a look what we got
all right so this first part is you just
kind of like click through you see
something that might interest you
software engineering intern remember
we're going fast we're not overthinking
anything all right GoodRx is America's
HealthCare Marketplace they have a
software engineering internship great I
don't care about how much money it is
whatever it is it just seems like it's
in my area it could be a good thing
hiring contact right away this is why I
love
Angelus look the person I should be
talking to is legitimately listed
already
right boom
you can also
take a look at all the team members
right and you can see all the team
members that are listed on Angelus so
these are all potentially folks I could
reach out to but whenever a company
lists the person you should talk to uh
that is the person I am going to reach
out to first so let's actually click on
their their profile here
uh technical acquisition partner to high
growth and emerging startups uh there's
no Twitter linked here but maybe a
LinkedIn is
cool
uh so their LinkedIn is here
I have a mutual connection let's go
let's go
boom let's go
oh easy
easy let's go
[Laughter]
foreign
so I don't even need to send them a cold
message right like if let's see what
they have
um contact info
is just linking to their to their
profile here uh so this is interesting
because there's no
first oh message
boom messages are open
hell yeah
open messages this is easy let's go hold
on 10 second warning
five seconds
[Music]
all right
it says free message why I don't know
but
because I have some free message
something premium whatever uh it might
be because I have premium I don't know
but the messages are open because a lot
of folks don't have messages open why
does it say free why I don't know
anyway
messages are open I don't have premium
so I don't I'm not sure why but it just
sometimes people can have open messages
all right uh this is actually something
I went to school with so I could
actually probably reach out to them and
see if they really do know them
um but since the messages are open I'll
start off with that before I send a
message
um before I send the messages
let's see can I find anything about them
uh
they just
have their UCLA
um
good RX so it looks like they went
straight from UCLA into GoodRx let's
look at their profile real quick
recruiter
there's really not too much for me to go
off on this profile
so what I'm going to say
is
I would send I would send a subject
right so subject would be all right
first let's get them let's get them on
our uh hit list
so we found them Hit List we're gonna
say company
GoodRx
uh URL to the position the person I'm
gonna say LinkedIn so I'm gonna put the
LinkedIn there I'm gonna grab their name
from LinkedIn
boom
and put that on my Hit List as well
and I'm gonna put the URL to the job
on here as well
all right so there's a couple ways I'm
probably going to go about this right
because now I have the the messages were
open on LinkedIn
um if not I could go through my friend
that knows them but I feel like I could
just probably reach out to them directly
and so with the message
there's really nothing here I really do
like to find something special
um
best place
to eat on
UCLA campus
cool
hey
Fergie
I'm gonna say something along the lines
of I saw that good RX
uh was hiring on
Angel list
I would love
five minutes
say engineers
I saw good exercise hiring Engineers on
angels I would love five minutes of your
time
of your time to discuss
the open rolls
or
your
favorite place to eat on UC UCLA
campus as I am spending a lot of time
there recently
UFO
have a great
rest of your week
cheers
yeah boom
all right and so this is kind of right
off the Jump remember
can't lose a job that you don't already
have
right
can't lose a job
that you don't already have
what I'm going for
is something
that will get them to open the message
right
something that will get them to open the
message something that will get them to
actually give me the time of the day
right
and so that's what I'm gonna go with uh
and then before I send it of course
going to proofread best place to eat on
UCLA campus I saw your good exercise
hiring Engineers on angels I love how
much you're trying to discuss the open
rules or your favorite place you know
you say is campus as I'm spending a lot
of time there recently have a great rest
of your week cheers Leon boom uh so I
spelled you were wrong all right uh or
your favorite place to eat on you so
this campus 20 a lot of time there
recently our grocery week cheers and
haven't found a good spot yet
boom there you go
I don't have grammarly installed on this
profile I actually don't even know if it
would work in here but cool so that's
something I would send
and I'm gonna add that to my list here
of just messages that I would send
um
with the
with the message right like we're going
here we went for we got what we wanted
right we said like hey
uh Saul GoodRx was hiring Engineers on
ageless well if I'm into your time to
discuss open roles or your favorite
place to eat on UCLA's campus and I'm
spending a lot of time there recently
and haven't found a good spot yet right
so just something that opens up the door
that
that is that is
that is simple
that will maybe get them to open it I I
don't care if it's funnier like it's
just something that that would get them
to to open right uh is the smiley face
unprofessional it doesn't really matter
I I like this one it's your own personal
voice I like smiley faces in certain
spots when I'm trying to be cheeky right
like I know that I'm reaching out to
them on LinkedIn I know they're getting
all these dry ass messages from folks I
know that they're like getting all these
things that are like hi I have five
years of experience I graduated from MIT
in 1985 like no
like
let me try and be a human right and I
can't lose a job that I don't already
have
right
yeah more friendly exactly right and so
uh I thought I always go for it I always
make sure they tell them they have a
good week like something that might
catch their eye because they just they
were at UCLA right trying to come across
as more casual and if I if I lose it I
lose it who cares right I lose it I lose
it who cares right but that's what I
would say great so that's my first
company I would also just take a quick
Gander
um at other folks that are on here
uh to see if there's any like engineer
type folks
[Music]
um
if if this person didn't get back to me
I might go towards one of their found
like one of their like maybe not
Founders because they're a little bit
bigger of a company
um yeah they're like 200 people once you
get over 200 people the the founders
really stop responding but you'd be
surprised at like under 200 they they
respond to me quite a bit
um but I don't really see any other
Engineers so I would start here uh I
would maybe list this in my hit list
um
just just here in case uh I don't hear
back from Virgie I would put this on my
list and then come back
cool
all right remember
overthinking messages in my business
exactly it just don't overthink it just
do it just go get in the flow you're
trying to send out 180 of these
a hundred
180.
three people at each of the companies
if you're here sweating a smiley face
oh boy
just shoot your shot and move on doesn't
matter
all right let's go back let's take a
look at some of these other open rolls
what a what a dub on the first one
right what a dub on the first one
uh of course no it's all gonna be it's
all gonna go to [__] after that uh edify
node.js developer web developer
in Santa Monica
they have a listed person Julia
oh
nothing though this is the person
supposed to be reaching out to Eddie Phi
let's give him a good old Google
edify
Julia
oh here we go
LinkedIn
message
or messages open let's go all right
let's go
oh I was big Leon I'm just getting hyped
I'm sorry let me go through and show you
what I did all right so
uh edify so I clicked on the web
developer role that they had uh it's in
Santa Monica which is which is next to
La they had Julia but there's nothing on
their profile uh so I just gave them a
good old Google
their name
and so I just did their name and edify
and the first result was their LinkedIn
um and it's open messages I'm not sure
if they're like trying to give me like a
free premium or something it won't let
me click why
um
I do see they're trying to give me a
like it might be like I'm not sure if
they're open uh or if it's like a free
premium or something like that uh one of
the things I I heard is that LinkedIn
always does
um
LinkedIn always does like events and
they always sponsor so many events right
all right so they are open messages
thank you for checking MLB right uh they
are open great so LinkedIn does so many
events or sponsors so many events
um the cool thing is if you go to any of
those events they always give out
premium like you can just talk to any of
the people that are running the event or
at the event and say hey I'm going
through my job search can I get like a
pass for premium and they they just give
it out like like free candy so you can
always get if you if you're trying to
get premium LinkedIn which you don't
honestly need I'm going to show you how
like I do it when their things aren't
open
um you can get it from just going to one
of those events
yep I got six months free from an online
conference exactly yeah
all right so messages are open
uh
um
University of Oregon student athlete
University of Chicago Courts for kids
Staffing corporate
they have any other links no Twitter or
anything let me just give them a Google
again real quick
I
we have a Twitter that pops up
um
nothing pops up I'm going a little
slower than I normally would just
because uh I'm not doing like a super
super speed run I don't see too much
let's see do they have any activity
uh post do they have any posts
[Music]
Serena go
uh junior developers on the front end
team
if you're coming out of a boot camp with
some react and a typescript project
experience we may be very interested in
you
hi Julia
[Laughter]
[Music]
hi Julia I saw your
recent posts
uh
here on LinkedIn
looking for
Developers
that have
developers uh coming
out of a boot camp
experience
with react and typescript projects
here is
the project
I built
for X client
that uses
react and
typescript
would love
five minutes of your time to talk about
open roles
have a great
week
cheers
yeah boom
uh now why would I ever mention a boot
camp unless they actually
they actually mentioned it no
but they did so I would copy link the
post
um I would I would like link to
boom something I would link to the post
hi Julia I saw your recent posts looking
for developers coming out of a book of a
bootcamp experience with react and
typescript project here's a project
built for x-line to use this react and
typescript
I'm really excited
excited about what is what does edify do
what does edify do
what do they what do you do
let's go to the website real quick
create the best customer experience at
scale
um
I might include that
about
edify and feel as though
my past
customer
experience
and my
engineering
skills could be the perfect combo for
what you are looking for I don't like
that it's too long
all right so recent posts
looking for developers uh coming out of
a bootcamp experience with react and
typescript here's a project built for
excellent use react and typescript low
five minutes to talk about your open
roles
really
excited about the
what was it again
customer here we go
customer experience space
cool
all right there we go hi Joey so your
recent post linking it looking for
developers coming out with boot camp
bootcamp experience with react
typescript projects here's a product I
built for next client that uses react
and typescript we love five minutes
you're trying to talk about open roles
really excited about the customer
experience space have a great week boom
foreign
Another One Bites the Dust
boom boom boom boom Another One Bites
they're gonna get the same message 100
times if you message these people you're
a fool
you're just gonna get blacklisted
like don't reach out to these people
honestly if I hear that you reached out
to these people um like don't that's not
gonna be a good day for you
like that's not a good look for us it's
not a good look for our community uh
don't do it
yeah we don't we don't want to be
bombarding these people with messages
and actually the the same message right
uh be cool like don't be don't be that
person
yeah
if if I if if we find out that's like a
problem then I can't keep doing this
right and so don't be that person please
don't ruin it for everyone else
yeah
all right
we got two already
I like it
two so far let's keep going
I'm gonna clean up my My Links here
all right
let's see what else we got here Epsilon
three
QA
let's see
is it easy to find someone
they have a link
now all right I'm Gonna Keep moving I
might come back to that one
I'm going for speed
front end engineer and they use emojis
they're speaking my language
Sydney Tom
no link Sydney Tom
let's see
uh let's go ahead and see Embrace is the
name of the company is there a website
that they list
Embrace IO
um cool
to embrace IO
type in this person's name
all right Sydney Tom Embrace IO
uh no open messages
contact info
is just their LinkedIn
looks like they're more in product than
they are
um
looks like they're more in product than
like recruiting but that's actually
going to be a value add they went from
from design
they went from recruiting to product
design
interesting we can use that let's look
at their website real quick to see if
they link the people on the website uh
sometimes they just put like email
addresses and stuff like that on the
website so let's go to their website
real quick
um
there we go about us is what I'm looking
for about us
there why combinator company that's cool
or no they
Port white combinator all right I don't
see
I don't see any
like people or anything like that linked
to the company and so what I'm going to
try doing is I don't see their
let me just try Google one more time
here
and I'm going to do
I'm just going to put Twitter
see if their Twitter comes up
um their corporate Twitter
actually their corporate Twitter was
linked here
let's see if they follow Sydney
if you see their name tell me
I'm sure there's a way to search for
this I just don't see it
um
all right I don't see it let's just try
to uh let's not do that all right so I
don't see their Twitter I don't see I
just see their LinkedIn
this could be them Sydney 90 let's see
no Sydney Wells not you all right so
what we're going to do is we're going to
use another website called Hunter
uh dot IO
and I'm gonna put the company in
embrace.io
and
it looks like they're they're
format is first name at embrace.io
right
first name
could be an embrace.io
and uh
I think I could just use that
so let's go ahead and
I didn't control that
I didn't control F I just scrolled
so you got you got to get in your Flow
State you know all right so
um it's a small company there's a good
shot that there are not two Sydney's
with this spelling
um so I am going to go and shoot my shot
here
and
uh just send an email
and so it would just be how do I say
that Sydney boom copy
so it would just be Sydney
right
at
embrace.io
oh did it actually pop up hold on let's
do that again slower
or that might be somebody else like in
my contact book
oh Google Google with the assist
Google coming through
you got got
[Laughter]
Google snitched
yes let's go all right do we have
anything about Sydney though we just
know that they went from recruiting the
product
uh or it went from recruiting to her
um
going from recruiting to product we know
that from their LinkedIn I'm going to
close this
um so let's go ahead and write that
email
transitioning
to product
would love
to learn about your experience
transisting trend
position
ing
use grammarly folks just use grammarly
if anything you learned tonight just use
grammarly because my spelling my grammar
is atrocious
um a
Sydney always double check your
spellings that's like the biggest
mistake you can make early on it's just
like not spelling their name right
person's name is the sweetest sound in
any language all right so we're gonna
say this and we're gonna take a break
we'll do this one take a break uh Hey
Sydney
I saw that embrace
is looking for engineers
on Angelus
and you were listed as the contact
I noticed
on LinkedIn
LinkedIn that you
transitioned
into product
and I am currently
trying to do the same thing
would you
happen
to have a few minutes
to share your
you have to share your
Journey
with me
have a great
week
cheers
yeah
hey Cindy I saw that
I saw that Embrace is looking for
engineers on Angelus and you were listed
as the contact I also know also I
noticed also
also I noticed on LinkedIn that you
transitioned into product and I'm
currently trying to do the same thing
would you happen to have a few minutes
to share your journey with me have a
great week cheers Leon boom
this is really tiny
there we go bigger better
short and sweet exactly
right short and sweet
um not not really going for like the
quick win
um
right not going for the quick win
that's it
uh if they don't have their messages
open should we add them directly on
LinkedIn with a note you can I think
that's kind of like my like my normal
process is I add them to my hit list
right I try LinkedIn messages if they're
open Twitter DMS if they're open if
Twitter message if Twitter DMS are not
open LinkedIn messages aren't open and I
can find their email then I'll just send
the email with a message like this if I
don't ever hear back from the email then
I might try sending the connection on
LinkedIn and when you send a connection
you can send a message
uh I thank you for pointing it also not
Leon is speaking their message out loud
to catch some mistakes I do this with
all my textual messages to ensure
they're actually good uh yeah I do the
same thing uh the reason why I like I go
slower of my emails is I always read
them out loud uh so hey Cindy I saw that
and braces looking for engineers on
Angelus and you were listed as the
contact also I noticed on LinkedIn that
you transitioned into product and I am
currently trying to do the same thing
would you happen to have a few minutes
to share your journey with me have a
great week cheers Leon boom easy ask if
they are the contact they're going to
respond
um
I'm going to change this from experience
to Journey
um just because experience sounds like
like a Spam message
cool all right I'm gonna add that to my
list here I'm gonna make sure that
Sydney is on my list
boom just I'm just putting these all
here so you have all the messages that
I'm actually sending
um let me grab the
the actual uh subject here
and I'm gonna make sure that they're on
my hit list
well I almost forgot to add into my Hit
List
um
I didn't add the other person too oh
I'm slipping
all right job listing for embrace
full Embrace URL
uh name
was
Sydney Tom
uh I have their LinkedIn somewhere that
I could put in there as well and
that's good for now and what was the
other company that we did
it was Julia
uh edify
edify
it was Julia
and I'd put their link I put their
linked in here I just forgot to do it
but you you it's what you would do
um and
let's make sure we put the edifier Roll
in there before we lose it
I just click on the actual role which is
web developer
joint
all right and it was Julia
magdalino
boom putting the URL in there
all right cool so I'm going I'm going to
okay I would normally going about twice
the three times the speed
um
if I was doing it just without like an
audience here uh but that's kind of what
I'm going through like I hope that
you're starting to see like that I'm not
really overthinking it uh I am trying to
find some way to kind of connect with
the person even so briefly uh through
the messages I'm sending just looking
for little Snippets of the thing that
might get them to open the message uh I
don't really care if it works or not I'm
just trying to shoot my shot 180 times
and if you do shoot your shot 180 times
you start getting responses back they'll
start snowballing into actual uh
interviews and interview interviews
actually become jobs so this is the real
process uh when I ask folks to fill out
your hit list this is exactly what I
would do if I was looking for a job in
my local area so we're gonna take our
break because we're at the top of the
hour we are going to
uh we are going to do two more local and
then we're going to do five remote and
we'll see if we can get all that done
within our three hours time are you even
reading the job description to see if
it's a good fit are you just reaching
out for everything
the sun touches I apply for
everything the Moon
cast a warm dewy glue over I apply
foreign
to you if you get in your head trying to
find good fits before you even get a
response from someone you're just
putting too much energy into it you're
not doing it right you might as well
just start clicking apply all right so I
don't overthink it if I get if I get a
response from them right if I get a
response from them then I do my research
I do my digging I make sure that I'm
well prepared for that conversation but
the only thing I'm honestly looking for
right now is is it a job in my area and
is it something that I think reasonably
is a good fit so like know it is a good
fit web developer is a good fit did I I
skipped over the
senior Java like the senior role in the
language I don't I don't code in right
um I skipped over the quality assurance
engineer because I just didn't feel like
doing it but
everything the sun touches you apply to
and then you you you collect your
winnings
does it pay money exactly
all right
how do you handle when you network they
message back but they send you an online
application link to click apply
how rude uh then you apply and like I
would send it like if they send this
home I send a cheeky message back I am
totally in the camp I can't lose a job
that I don't already have
uh so if they send that back
uh I I it depends on the company
I I always say something like do you
want to get McDonald's after work or
something just that would just that
would just be out there that they would
they would have to respond right I don't
know exactly what it would be but it'd
be something to get their like attention
right
um if you're getting a lot of those then
you're not
um
you're not crafting your messages in a
in a in a way that seems approachable
like look let's look at my look at my
messages real quick right let's take a
look at this best places to eat in the
UCLA campus
I'm asking them to respond I'm already
connecting right it's they know that I
put some effort into this right I had to
do like like the bare modicum people
that are sending out those messages are
just getting spanned with folks reaching
out to them and so when you do so when
you take this this little extra step to
make it like approachable you get less
of those types of responses
um
I I like my my message to like my
subject to Julie was like thank you for
talking about me like of course I was
gonna get them to look like that might
make them laugh if I can make them laugh
a little bit I know my responses are
gonna increase right
um same thing with transitioning the
product I'm not really even making it
about the role right like I like I don't
even I just want to talk to them about
their journey and the product and I'm
generally interested like how they
transitioned in the product we are all
transitioning into product roles or
engineering roles right and so I'm
generally interested in that and so if
you're just going for the kill
right
right if you're just going for the kill
you're gonna get more of those types of
like just click apply responses but if
you're individualizing it you're making
it a little bit funny you're giving it
something to to answer then those types
of responses decrease
and remember we're trying to do this at
like three different people at each
company uh and so one person might do
that but the other two might not there
you go
are you gonna do some other examples of
other websites besides Angelus yeah
probably on our speed run though uh
Angelus is a really good place to start
for most folks
but uh use The Hit List magic uh search
that I gave you all in the slides from
previous classes and that's you can find
up all your open roles yeah
alrighty uh let's go and take our break
because it's the top of the hour all
right folks come on back come on back
uh Hunter only gives me the customer
service emails uh that's what we're not
we're not actually looking for their
real email we're looking for the format
of the email like if we look
there is actually one email here that
helped me and it was this Eric
embrace.io so I knew that if they're
using first name at embrace.io that it
might be a good shot of it just being
first name and embrace.io because
they're smaller
right and so then I plugged that into
Google and Google snitched and maybe
that's actually the right email address
or maybe I get a uh uh could not send
message and then I find a better one but
that's kind of I'm just trying to figure
out like is it first name last name is
it first name is it yeah you know
let's get a few questions in before we
kind of go back into uh hunt mode here
our company's more responsive if they've
recently received more funding apps
absolutely
um so one of the things I I will show
you probably on Tuesday for some reason
the website's down right now I've kept
trying to connect it might be my vpns or
something but there's a website called
matter Mark uh which is a similar
company to Crunch based but it's
completely free
uh and what you can do is you can just
see companies that have raised funding
like startups that have raised the money
and if I see a a tech company that's
raised a good series a series B there's
a good chance that they might be hiring
and I try and reach out to those
companies quicker especially if they're
in my area
I said red flag the company has one year
preferred front-end experience but also
says they want a senior front-end Dev
for the description can it be one year
scene can a one year be senior a zero
year can be senior depends on the
company uh it just doesn't matter don't
overthink any of those things just
Network your way in and then deal with
it later
mm-hmm
do you recommend reaching out to
companies that just got accepted into
Tech Stars no because they have very
little money maybe if they like if they
get a year in
um and they raised their series a or
something but early on they they have
little money
yeah we had blah on the t-spell on
Friday they started off as a senior yeah
so the interview is where you're trying
to sniff out the red flags in a company
yeah I I really pay attention to how I'm
treated during the interview process
right I'm really that's what I pay
attention to like how was I treated was
that I feel like they had their [__]
together like did they send out like
good emails did they follow up with me
like was I treated well was that was
their stuff organized all that leads me
to build a picture and then once I get
an offer I go in and ask all the
questions I talk to all the people uh
and that's when it kind of gets real
I thought I was saying Jasper for some
reason the site's not loading today it
was bought by full contact oh they might
have yeah they might have sold
yeah I thought it was just down but
maybe they got bought by somebody else
you can use crunch base it's the same
thing but I believe crunchbase like
gives you only a certain number of free
ones
um before it goes away but that's that's
just another strategy it's not a
strategy you have to use I just find
that strategy has worked for a couple of
my students in the past where if you
live in a city specifically City that a
city that has like um
I don't know like a decent Tech economy
then the like looking at folks that have
raised money in your area could be
helpful
uh crunchbase started charging you for
the first one we'll find something else
that does it similarly
cool all right let's get two more local
and then we will move on to the global
remote
feel free to ask questions as we're
going through this
um like I'm just trying to show you like
a real process and then once you get
into a flow you do this a little bit
faster
all right let's take a peek
go back
all right
n-i-n-h-n global a wholesale fashion
Marketplace one week ago web developer
back-end developers click on web
developer
they have anyone listed
no one listed there
they have people
see all their team members
you actually die
uh
nah
I'm gonna go with something else their
their stack is also like really not
I mean I could go down that but I'm just
trying to do a speed run
an engineer
build the Netflix of high school
education hell yeah I might actually
submit this one
uh talk directly to their CEO
that's cool
anyway all right let's see
do they have their messages open
Angeles what's going on
all right
uh
uh subject
launched Uber Freight that's pretty cool
UPenn ba UCLA MBA
uh they're LinkedIn let's see if they
have open messages
are open let's go
all right so the messages that we would
send would be
all right so we know they're passionate
about like education
let's see if there's anything else here
ex-athlete turn serial entrepreneur
any negative and positive because
probably injury is contagious
uh
um
Nomad Uber
the uh
UCLA
um
a
hockey for the Colombian ice hockey team
that's pretty cool
remember a Soho House
all right now there's a lot there let's
also look at their Twitter real quick
always early never flake
I might use that I think that's the easy
in
don't want your ZIP code or your family
Association of status dictate the
subjects you can take that's pretty cool
all right we're gonna go with that
all right
let's send them a message
to be early
and not flake
there we go that would be the hook there
they say that pretty quite often so I'm
gonna I'm gonna use that
uh I promise to be early not flake
hey Michael
's always tricky because you guys
sometimes it helps to see if you can
find if they refer to themselves as Mike
or Michael
um
looks like Michael who's listening on
their Twitter
I might even read a um
uh an article just to see if they talk
about themselves slightly different but
y'all can do that I'm not gonna do that
all right
Michael
I am really
I'm a an engineer
really passionate
about
making education
affordable
uh
accessible to all
I don't know how to spell accessible but
we can Google that later all right I'm
going to enjoy really passionate about
making education accessible to all I'm
actively
oh God damn you're just seeing how bad I
spill
involved
in the
100 devs
community
which has helped
hundreds
of folks get jobs as engineers
regardless
of their
economic
reality
oh that's something along those lines
um engineer really passionate about
making education accessible to all I'm
actually involved in 100 desk Community
which helped hundreds of folks get jobs
Energy Enterprise and economic reality
I would love
five minutes of your time to
talk
about the open roles
at
subject
have a great
great great week
cheers
Leanne
also
on down to
clear it up
on the ice
anytime
I just hope
my
roller
hockey skills Translate
um
all right
so I probably really not flake because
you know they're going to open there's
no way they don't open that message
so textual exactly hey Michael I'm an
engineer really passionate about making
education accessible to all I'm actually
involved in the hunter devs Community
which has helped hundreds of folks get
jobs and Engineers regardless of their
economic reality I would love five
minutes your time to talk about open
rules of subject when it's somebody like
a CEO or a co-founder
um
when somebody like a CEO or a co-founder
I
I always I'm a little bit more like
on the nose like hey I'm curious about
the open rolls like I don't wanna like
if they're a recruiter you can I don't I
don't like I'll play a little bit but
um if I don't want to take their time
like I want to be I want to be straight
to the point uh about your open rolls
have a great week
um
and just so you know roller hockey
skills don't translate all right I like
this this is what I would send
set it to the list
Melody hey thank you for the gift it
says thank you for being here and
congrats on the new gig let's go turn up
so proud so happy glad to see you
crushing the game
let's put the subject in there too
because I think that's important
thank you for being here
uh let's put that in there too
all right uh and then this was
let's just grab their LinkedIn add them
to our hit list this is subject
and we'll
add the URL there
I talked to
[Music]
Michael
Gallardo
and
I was LinkedIn so these these are all
pan this was uh LinkedIn
this was LinkedIn
and this was email
cool just keeping track of like the
folks I'm talking to
um and this should actually not be here
this should be
this should be here
boom and let's grab that open roll
um
so like it's a little bit more of a
senior role but that's okay
all right here we go
all right Let's do let's get one more
local and then we'll switch gears to to
remote
student apps us-based banking lending
crypto as a service provider yikes
Halo move science forward
dress life provides fashion specific to
one-to-one personalization with
exceptional accuracy
JavaScript and node
why are they listing it in Euros oh it's
promoted
I'm like why are these salaries lower
and why is it not in USD like why are
they paying this in La I got
[Laughter]
dubsado tools for Freelancers that's
cool
a venture technology Studio where
Innovation rules that just sounds more
fun let's go there first
uh Darren Rush is the founder and that's
who we should reach out directly
um
they want experts go on Ruby
there's no they don't have any employees
so it doesn't seem like my medium the
side like I like if I was really doing
this like I would I would just if I was
doing The Hit List they would have
message no problem I'm not overthinking
it
um
I'm just trying to be a little bit more
impactful because y'all are watching
uh founder kind of the same thing a
little bit smaller coming week we might
come back to one of these two if there's
something better before we uh get out of
the local ones
oh I love Supernatural shut up
this is like the only thing I pay for in
the Oculus uh cool
uh they're so big they're just saying
Talent let's see if they have any people
on here
um
all right let's go to LinkedIn real
quick
uh let's search
super natural
and looks for people
there's the CTO
director product technical program
management
director of engineering
they're in Santa Monica whereas this
person said
Redmond Washington so this person
they don't have open messages
whoa their deal was blocked by the FTC
what
that's wild
all right contact info Twitter all right
they have a Twitter that's open
messages are not open they like to fly
engineer Tech exec
I might send them in I might send this
person an email
their messages weren't open
I feel like I could write a good message
to them
but there's also the CTO that
legitimately said that they were hiring
so somebody puts that in their profiles
like asking to be reached out to or
hiring
they still oh it's a different company
never mind
I'm gonna go with this person let's see
if we can find their email
um
let's go to supernatural's website
Supernatural VR
the website is getsupernatural.com
let's go to Hunter
pool
see what their style is
uh I would try first name at
supernatural.com
this is kind of or what you could also
do
is you can just tweet at them directly
so the cool thing is like when you add
someone it doesn't actually show up like
in your timeline it shows up in
um like it just is like a message to
them it doesn't like show up in your
timeline shows up again like your other
like your tweets replies
um
we could do that we could connect with
them on LinkedIn and send a note that's
kind of always the last thing I try
though
um
was this stuff that they said again
I like flying
it does say that they're hiring
contact me if you were oh that was with
Within
to say here
oh yeah and talk to me if you or someone
you know might be interested in these
positions all right cool so they've
already said contact me
um so I'm gonna skip I would do I would
tweet them
but they did say contact me so I'm gonna
actually try email first if the email
doesn't work that's okay I'll come back
to tweeting them but it does say contact
them it literally says contact them uh
it just doesn't have any contact info
I'm just gonna grab their first name and
I'm gonna try an email
uh let's compose
and I'm just going to try
at get super let's get supernatural.com
okay I mean that might have worked I
don't know if that was Google snitching
again
why connect and send a note as last
resort because I don't like connecting
with people that I don't honestly know
so we started off tonight with an
absolute dub where the person I
connected with like the person I was
trying to reach I had a connection
I already had somebody that I knew that
I went to school with that was connected
to that person and so if I really wanted
to I could just reach out to that person
and say hey could you give me an intro
to that first person that we saw
and
that's how I like to keep my LinkedIn I
I know every single person that's on my
LinkedIn and I know that if I reached
out to them they would give me a
referral
and if I didn't if I didn't have that
then I would I it would be like if I I
don't want my Lincoln to be muddied
right and so that somebody said I had a
connection with this person too did I
[Music]
yes
I can reach out to them let's go yo
through the boardroom y'all
I could get up here and just talk my
[__] and run my mouth about stuff I
haven't done
but y'all see it
when I tell you I put in this work I put
in this work
when I put in this work I put in this
work I showed you all my my my 100 plus
days in a row of GitHub commits when I
was doing my coding challenges
I tell you how I do my networking
and literally random companies that we
are finding random people at this
company I'm already connected to or one
hop skip and a jump
I'm not I'm not making [__] up I'm
trying to show you
how this stuff can change your life
there is a reason why I talk about
networking until I I can't talk no more
five companies that I randomly found
out of those five two I was connected
directly one skip through with the
person that I wanted to get in touch
with
imagine if you did your networking
like I've been asking you to do and you
did it for 10 years
just think about that you do one event a
week for five years do five one event a
week for five years you meaningfully
connect with people and it slowly builds
up over time and that's where you're at
now right like like you're seeing it
this is the proof right that's the proof
cool so I I could reach out to my
connection I've worked with them in the
past uh and and that would be it cool
but I'll send an email just because I'll
start there just to show y'all
um they like flying
uh that's what I'll lead with
any good
lying VR apps
hey
boom
like that
uh
anyway
I just got
got an Oculus
and I'm always looking for
fun apps to try
anyway
uh let's go and say um
I saw
on Angelus
that
Supernatural
was hiring
and thought
I would
Reach Out
Supernatural
I just got an Oculus
hiring Engineers always say Engineers
because that that would Peak their
director of engineering I saw an Angelus
that Supernatural was hiring Engineers I
thought I'd reach out just got an Oculus
and Supernatural
is the only app
I pay for it
only paid app on my account
cool
I would love five minutes of your time
to learn about the open roles
I don't know if I'm into your time to
learn about the open about open roles
and uh
I'll say your LinkedIn
your LinkedIn
mentioned
that I should
reach out about open roles I would love
five minutes of your time
to learn more
talk about
cool stuff
happening
in VR
cheers
yeah
I really do use Supernatural yeah
it is it is legitimately the only app
that I paid for outside of the the table
tennis app
um but that's like not a recurring
charge
cool all right any good flying VR apps
because I they're into flying they're in
the VR boom I saw an Angelus that
Supernatural was hiring engineers and
thought I would reach out I just got an
Oculus Supernatural is the only paid app
on my account uh your LinkedIn mentioned
that I should reach out about open roles
I love if I'm into your time to learn
more or talk about cool stuff happening
in VR cheers Leon uh have a great week
the the table tennis app is wild
the table tennis app is absolutely wild
uh so wild that hold on one second
if you live in LA and want to catch some
hands I'm ready to play
um I 3D print it
I 3D printed a handle
or my Oculus controller with actual like
grip tape yeah
it's so realistic it is so realistic
like
the feel
of like actually hitting the ball in VR
it feels like you're playing on a real
table
um
so yeah it actually is a pretty dope app
and I yeah I went I went um I went extra
laughs
uh I feel good about this I think this
is pretty solid I think they would
actually respond somebody said what if
the email doesn't work yeah 11 is the is
the app uh what if this email doesn't
work
um then I would probably reach out to my
contact on LinkedIn I know that all you
have that yet
um but
if that didn't work I would tweet them I
would tweet them
cool so let's add this to our list
foreign
and
I'm going to add this to my hit list
email
it was Supernatural
and and
I'll grab the job description
um
all right there we go
like I said
I try not to overthink this
um
I try not to overthink this I'm trying
to find things that are slightly funny
you can't lose a job that you don't have
um
I find that my responses are pretty high
when I send messages like this and so
just don't overthink it you're doing 180
of these just get through it uh and when
we come back on Tuesday I'm gonna do a
speed run so I'm gonna actually go way
faster I'm going to like ignore chat put
music on and just like grind I can get
through like 30 of these or like 10 an
hour I can get like 10 good an hour and
so if I like took a weekend I could
probably bang out most of my Hit List in
a weekend
um and so yeah it's a lot of work right
it's a lot of work like you're finding
these people you're trying to find a way
in you're thinking about them uh but I'm
going to share all the messages exactly
yeah you already have uh the the
templates here that were or base
templates I'm gonna add all the
templates that I've been writing tonight
to this list as well
um so you could see
uh so you could see like the actual
messages I'm sending uh and yeah so
we're gonna keep doing it you're gonna
keep seeing good examples I hope and for
tonight though I hope you asked some
some questions so I can answer them
if you send 50 of these and still can
get three responses it's still better
than click and play it really is yeah
what if they all respond then I got a
wonderful month
what are your desired salary
expectations for this role uh fair
market rate for developer of my skill
set and experience
well Leon what is the fair market rate
for developer of your skills and
experience come on Bob I know you do
this all day every day uh what have you
budgeted for this role
uh should we always try to email over
LinkedIn message so we can attach our
signature with our links that Stephanie
says uh
oh like might be wrong like the emails
might be the wrong email so if the
LinkedIn messages are open they seem
active on their LinkedIn I start there
if I don't get a response then I move on
to email
yeah
I was so overwhelmed you made it look
fun yeah I I like to have fun with this
I like I try not to take this part of
the process too seriously I try to just
have some fun with it I try to find cool
ends like and I think the really
important thing here is every single
person I've messaged I'm generally
interested in like I would love to have
conversations with all five of these
folks that I that I put out there right
like I I think that would be a really
I think it should be fun conversations
right like I found something interesting
about each of these folks that I would
like to learn about and if I can go into
this process having a little bit of fun
meeting cool people at the end of the
day I get to network with a few more
folks that I would have never had a
chance to talk to that's good
and the more you kind of get comfortable
with that the easier this process can
become
I have 11 so far and I live in Atlanta a
turn up
if the job description says 110 to 150
how do you deal with it if they offer a
minimum
uh
go to the bank and count my money uh go
on a vacation
buy whatever I want off of Amazon
eat out
110 all day let's go
but no we we negotiate right
and we talk a lot about this during the
tea spills and if you come to stand up
as folks start getting offers stand up
really does become me talking with them
to help them negotiate so the beauty of
stand up as we get deeper into the hunt
standup becomes way more actionable in
terms of like Leon I just got an offer
helped me negotiate and then you'll hear
me negotiate live with somebody that has
a real offer uh if they came in with the
minimum my response would be hey I'm so
excited to work at this company uh I
could really see myself growing here
over the next uh 10 to 15 years
two to three next three to five years as
you know
I am currently in the process with X
number of companies is there any wiggle
room on this starting salary
that's it I had to send that out
uh and then often and not they'll
counter without any kind of hesitation
especially if they've already given that
range uh and then I just kind of work
off of that counter the best thing you
can do is then get another offer in that
time frame and you can get the top of
the um
top of the list we also shared the
template that
um
uh Daddy Yankee Nick shared and they
showed exactly how they negotiated their
offer uh you can use that template as
well we actually need to add that
template to the templates
a lot of really good information being
shared that we'll we'll keep adding to
the templates
if you folks ever asked to know more
details about other offers you're using
for leverage they can ask all they want
but typically I'll say I I actually
don't know what I've signed in part of
this like interview process I'm not sure
if it's really under NDA or anything so
I don't feel comfortable sharing the
details
can I tell everyone that I got other
offers even if I have none uh some
people play the the dangerous dance of
the dangerous dance some people do
it's up to you how you want to play the
game I'm not here to tell you how to
live your life I'm going to show you
some ways if you want to play the game
that way that's up to you I I have no
shame in mind game
but that that's that's not a call I can
make for you
Kelly said well I can't match that so
good luck that's why you never given
that's why I never answered that
question
you notice I never said that I I got a
higher offer right I always say I have
other offers is there any wiggle room in
your offer because this is the place I
want to work
when you say wiggle room and you like go
out of your way to like hype them up and
say this is where you want to be this is
the place you see yourself growing
unless they're just like a horrible
person they're gonna have some level of
empathy and go actually
this is the top of our range we would
love to work with you but there's
nothing we can do right they're not
gonna be like ah get out like that it's
and if they did then that you do you
know that you were walking into a
horrible company
are the Angelus salary estimates fairly
accurate
um sometimes they are
uh a lot of times it's the company that
enters them in so if they're recent and
you actually if their profile is like
actually pretty well filled out
and there's an actual contact person I
find that it tends to be a little more
accurate like like just having talent
but this is a bigger company if it's a
smaller company with a real person you
can talk to that means they probably put
it in and it's pretty pretty solid
all right so those are five that were
local
we are going to take our break because
we're at the top of the hour and when we
come back we're going to do globally
remote companies so we're going to find
five companies that hire folks that live
anywhere in the world and see if we can
find uh folks to talk to those companies
to get in front of them so that we are
not
clickers uh and we'll take it from there
all right so here's a list that I've
used
uh it's just and you can Define these
it's just it's like not something that
um
is super hard but there are there are
some lists that list these types of
higher from anywhere doesn't matter
where you live type companies which I
think can help a lot of folks that
aren't uh kind of in North America that
aren't kind of like us or kinetic
Canadia specific uh and so
I'm gonna throw this in here this is
just one of them no the ones that I
share
the ones that I share are um
well everyone's going to be using them
and there's what like 1300 of us right
here right now so
I'm not gonna I'm always gonna use this
one so that I don't saturate the others
but you can find tons of these right
uh you can find tons of these types of
lists uh because if you are global
um
or you work you want to work globally
not every company that is remote
right every company that is remote
actually hires folks from anywhere so
it's actually it it's actually a little
bit more challenging to find those types
of companies there are tons of ways to
find remote jobs I just find that a lot
of folks sometimes struggle because even
though they're remote they still expect
you to work in certain countries uh and
so even if you're like on
um
Angel list you can go ahead and turn
this remote include remote jobs
um and it will have remote jobs in North
America right it's still like
labels it for North America
um and then it increases like look how
many results we just jumped up to
5 000 right so in this case what I would
do is
if I turned on remote
right and I knew that I was in an area
that typically hires coders right
uh so they don't have to deal with tax
implications and labor laws yeah it's
that's true there are actually tools now
that make it a little bit easier so more
car more cars more companies are opening
up to live anywhere work for them
um because there are companies that make
payroll actually manageable that handle
the taxes for you basically there are
payroll companies now that are a
registered agent in every country and so
you hire someone and then the company
that you pay pays the workers in every
and where you wherever they may be so
they handle all the labor law stuff they
handle all the tax implications and on
your end you're just you're just using a
service
[Music]
um
I think when digital nomadism first
started they didn't realize that even if
you were a digital Nomad you were still
quite privileged if you had a passport
from a specific country that had defined
labor laws that countries could actually
apply like that could you could work for
so someone that was a digital Nomad for
two plus years
um I think that was kind of lost in that
whole movement yeah
cool
all right uh so just real quick before
we look at the global list uh I still
have my normal full stack front-end
back-end software engineer in my La we
turned on remote North America this is
what I would add filters so I'm now
going to look for JavaScript
cool I want to look for node
and I'm going to look for node without
the JS there you go without the DOT
cool I would start with just those those
are some areas of interest uh I'm going
to exclude keywords like senior
when I exclude keywords like lead
staff
principle
manager
director
yeah
um probably like Sr I don't want to do
that let low
um why exclude senior just because this
is a lot of this is still 718 results
there's no way
right there's no way that I can like
it's just gonna be I would just be doing
this for years if I was to go to all
these companies so why not Niche down if
I am trying to increase my odds
right
I spelled principle wrong I did
I spelled it
[Laughter]
uh yeah this is just an exercise I might
even go as far as it's like the the size
of companies that I want
like maybe
like maybe no small companies I don't
know
where does that get me so yeah they're
like one to ten employees maybe I don't
for this for my first pass
right
right for my first pass
right not for my first pass
right
if I knew that I was gonna go harder
then I would I would leave these on
right because that just opens me up to
even more but I might leave them off
just because there might be more chance
that they're actually hiring
um and then I view results right and now
I got 350 results to dig through that
are remote and I would just do this
process until my fingers fell off
all right look at all these jobs all
right but that doesn't work for everyone
because even though the remote they
probably still want me to be in America
and pay me in American dollars that's
what I like about lists like this
uh is that they are they are a list of
companies that doesn't matter where you
work uh you can reach out to them so
let's go and take a look at this list
um
gitlab buffer automatic these are some
like big name companies
um
I know I did some of these before so I'm
gonna try and like jump down further
uh the tried different ones that I have
maybe I didn't do last time
dollar Flight Club
cool
no current openings that are listed that
wouldn't stop me though
even if folks don't list openings uh it
doesn't matter
engineering
web engineer freelance all regions web
engineer all regions hello
yeah
human made
what do they do
Enterprise WordPress agency
rip
I'd still apply
uh
uh hopping is popping
let's see what do they got
remote team do they got open positions
does it list anything
uh engineering manager senior
I might still reach out to these folks
uh do they have any
they have a angel list profile
is there a way for me to
no
um
jobs
cannot search jobs
let's look for Hoppin
actually I'm just gonna go to LinkedIn
it might be easier
pop in
cool
people
uh
so
I mean for me I have a lot of
connections to folks that are in sales
product leader
Revenue
vice president
I like that this seems like somebody
that's fun
pop in here
vice president founder product leader
at a corporate development I'm gonna go
with the person that calls them a
Hopping ear
that just seems fun
oh
president and board member all right
anyway let's shoot our shot no open
messages
uh any contact info
Twitter is open they've opened DMs
no open DMs
uh they might be too high up for
they're a big enough company that I
might not go for by that high up
uh let's see
fails
sometimes they don't have a recruiter on
here
say hop in
truder
looking for
anything let's see hop in angel
Co let's see the angel list profile they
do okay
here we go we have their Angelus profile
much better
um do they have any people listed here
all right ahead of people and culture
that could be somebody I might reach out
to
how many people are they they're a big
company
all right let's see
experienced in recruitment
kind of people and culture
Talent acquisition
all right can I find anything about them
their LinkedIn is here
I actually have a website listed is this
their website
maybe they sell stuff that'd be
interesting
uh let's check their LinkedIn
and messages are open boom there we go I
would start here
uh they're pretty high up director
Global people operations
coach and mentor
promoting diversity inclusion practices
cool seems like somebody I'd want to
talk to
looking at kind of if there's anything I
can latch on to here
I might be overthinking it uh they have
a Twitter yeah they have a Twitter
open DMS on Twitter that's that's also
dope
Barcelona
uh I might I might do DMS on Twitter
before I do DMS on LinkedIn uh and the
reason why is because they're LinkedIn
um
might be jumping
right they're they're they're they're
their LinkedIn might be
might be jumping
um
I might try something cheeky
let's look up sports ball recently
they went Ronaldo back
see
I'm trying to show you like what I would
actually look up
I don't know
to be a good player
messy
messy messed up
I'm trying to think of like is there
like an in I see the other thing I know
about Barcelona is football
uh and they might not even care about
that all right that's probably not a
good in let's see if they have anything
on their Twitter
oh tweets are protected
what is this site though that they link
can I do Google Translate
we sell products without bulk in bulk
without Plastics and without waste
that's dope
all right I'll do that my DM would start
with this
um
how can I turn this into a DM
let's go here uh this would be a DM that
I do on Twitter
I always start with that
uh hey
I have too many tabs open this is this
is one of the downsides of
getting too deep into the hunt
all right uh I have been
obsessed with
reducing
all of my
plastic
waste until it fits in a jar
ever
since I saw this video and then I would
link to the video of the woman that was
Zero waste and fit it on the jar uh I
gotta I got to find the video so when
you're when with these Global remote
companies whenever you're applying to
remote jobs
since you are not local
you are competing against more folks
right you're competing against more
folks thank you Game everyone your
competing against more folks and so you
have to be a little bit more
out there
right you have to be a little bit more
you gotta go a little extra and so
building out a global hiring anywhere
um
Global hiring anywhere type job you kind
of gotta shoot your shot a little bit
harder all right
I've been obsessed with reducing my own
Pathways until if it's in a driver since
I saw this video Phil Hoffman has open
engineering roles and love to learn more
about them or just talk zero waste I
love what you're doing with and I would
link their company
uh also if it
makes sense to talk to someone else I
would appreciate
the intro
or actually I wouldn't say that I would
let them say that
talking to doing with
have a great week
cheers
Leon all right so
trying to connect with them
all right trying to connect this would
be a this would be a message I would
send through Twitter DM because their
DMS were open
right DMS were open
so I would just send them a Twitter DM
I've been obsessed with reducing all my
plastic waste until it fits and jar
since I was saw this video I thought it
was open engineering Rose let's learn
more about them or just talk zero waste
I love what you're doing with blank have
a great week boom that's what I would
send uh so this is Hoppin
we gotta
we gotta close some of these windows
hopping
uh
I forget where the site here it is the
site careers
um
the person I'm talking to
where's their
Twitter
there we go
copy that Twitter
put it in here
boom there we go one of my five remote
I'm just going to clean this up a little
bit
all right there we go
cool
if you think those tabs are bad
you should see my other monitor
[Laughter]
all right
who else Duck Duck Go
I actually know a lot of people that
work at duck duck duck duck duck go
um I would probably just reach out to
the folks I know that work there
um
looks like mainly senior roles they're
kind of like later stage
it's a company that you all like if you
see a company that should click on you
tell me
help Scout I know the founders of help
scale
oh Lark let's check out olart
uh cool olark open positions
doesn't say anything open right now
let's try clothes
software engineer back in a little bit
of react
uh looks like it's python though did you
have react roles though this would be
this would be something I would still I
would still reach out to
uh close
dot com let's see if they have an angel
list account
angel.com
closed
this is gonna be hard to find
um
no
no why can I just look up
companies directly can I
close
here we go
all right beautiful
do they list somebody I can talk to
we do have the software engineering role
here yeah it's a little python I can
learn some python
um
we don't list the person that you can
talk to
let's look at all their team members
closes on your list that's awesome
uh uh founder founder founder Senior
People operations that might be the
person we go to
senior back-end engineer
people operations come on no recruiter
me recruiter
good this size you should give me a
recruiter
nah all right let's see
director of engineering might be the
person I reach out to First
director of engineering product
oh they got everything listed let's see
LinkedIn
what you got for me
10 second warning
five second warning
difficult
[Music]
I see we can find out about them
we'll see if we can find out about them
um
they write about their work
we're hiring
it's great so they're they're saying
we're all we're all
they're hiring
uh let's look at their
like their history
Zend
University of Florida Yahoo Google
they're a freelancer for a long time
they have a gap
yeah
looks like they freelance for a large
period of time
does this have another date
or were they here earlier
oh they're on the founding team of
clothes
okay
it's still that's that's still three
years where they were
um freelancing
or at least yeah at least three years
were there freelancing right am I not
seeing it right seven
freelancing
and then Quizlet
founding team
out of product
and engineering
all right I think I could use that as an
Outreach and then also look at their
blog notice I'm spending a little bit
more time with these people than I wear
with the other ones when you're looking
for these Global remote it's you gotta
you gotta do a little more
their DMS are open here on Twitter too
looks like they'd be open to a Twitter
DM
um
I would I'm going to use that I would I
would send them
I would send them an email because they
give me the email we just check their
blog out real quick
all right I'm gonna use that all right
I'm gonna send them an email because
they literally gave us the email
um
uh free
Lancing
to
founding team to VP of engineering
hey Phil
your
journey in Tech is really inspiring
I'm currently
a freelance
software engineer
looking to join
a product focused
company and came across
open roles at close
I would love
five minutes of your time
to
honestly
just better understand
how
you
evolved or
banned
your journey
could you Google
just understand your journey
and how you got to where
you are today
uh
if you ever
have
time
just
oh let
me know and I'll move
mountains to make it work
have a great week
cheers
Leon
cool all right freelancing the family
teams of VP of engineering they're
definitely that's gonna be them so
they're gonna definitely click on this
hey Phil your journey to Tech is really
inspiring I'm currently a freelance
offering during looking during a product
with this company came over to US Open
came across open roles that close I will
have five minutes of your time to
honestly just better understand your
journey and how you got to where you are
today you ever have time just let me
know and I'll move mountains to make it
work have a great week cheers Leon boom
I think this is uh
I think this is it
all right love it
add it to my list
that's two down
three more to go
you can do it
I'm gonna add close to our list here
um
boom
and
we're talking to our homie Phil
and I would put like their LinkedIn and
their email in there cool all right
let's uh
let's look at some more on this list
shall we
skill Crush
what's that
nope
stripy pretty cool you need a budget
zappy or be dope I like buffer Buffer's
one of my favorite companies let's see
um do they have any open rolls
no current openings that's okay
even some of these companies even if
they didn't have any open roles I would
still
um
start reaching out
oh envision
okay
all right but do you have any
opportunities
uh you
I might even worry if they have any open
I might just still go through it
future openings
I love when companies do this companies
are like hey look if you're dope just
reach out to us
uh so do they have a recruitment number
here let's look at their angel list if
they have one
cool
let's see
oh this is weird because I know these
people like
we'll skip I know I know uh hope Scott
went through techstars
um around the same time that I did
uh let's go ahead and do uh
hot jar are they still a thing
oh [__] they're hiding a lot
software engineer full stack JavaScript
let's go
all right let's see if Hot jar has a
angel list
cool
um
they list let's go to people
they list any jobs
they have jobs
not listed on here
we're always hiring I love to see that
all right let's look at their people
real quick
um employee employee tech support lead
head of engineering software engineer
um
former team
Maybe
you could reach out to software engineer
or head of engineering do they have
anything listed on their profile
even about me
that's no longer there
about their LinkedIn
empathetic cat software
uh so it looks like they're no longer at
hotjar okay
um check out their LinkedIn
software engineer at hot jar they've
been there for three years no open
messages
um but I think they're they didn't nope
a GitHub
check out their GitHub profile
found their Twitter
no open messages
um
all right that was a bus no open
Messages open DMS
no LinkedIn messages
um let's try LinkedIn hot jar
look for people
VP of engineering
software engineering team lead that
could be good
I'm just looking for recruitment
director of town acquisition there we go
let me start with that
how acquisition partner
what's accelerate accelerate
account acquisition lead at hotjar
I'm gonna I might hit these these two I
don't know what an associate Talent
partner might be it might be like a
specific recruiter
um but this is a talent acquisition lead
um open Messages we're hiring let's go
all right what do we know about them
oh Make A Wish Foundation I also
volunteer for Make-A-Wish
um I might leave with that
[Music]
um
should not make a wish
um let's get something else
uh nothing really here
just uh they like definitely do
recruiting
okay
do they have anything else listed
no this one's hard
but open messages so I would shoot my
shot
um
let's see if we can find anything else
real quick
we live in Italy and that could be
uh
[Music]
up up
nah I don't say anything we'll just do a
generic
generic they got open messages
see let's look at their Activity real
quick
um
they post it all
no
no we're looking at their let me look at
their posts
all right so this looks like likes all
right they got open Messages let's shoot
her a shot let's send a message
um
try the VP of engineering I think I
would if I if I was really doing this I
would definitely go to the VP of
engineering
um
uh what does hot jar even do let's look
at hot jar real quick
oh yeah this has probably been around
forever heat Maps
uh I would build some sort of heat map
applique I would just build something
really quickly it was like a heat map
uh let's do like um
heat open source
Source heat map
JavaScript
Heat map.js
all right boom I would grab something
like this I built I would add a heat map
to my binary upload boom or my 100 hours
project and that would be my way in so I
send a message
and my message would be like
I love heat Maps
hey what is your name again
Angela
I saw that
hot jar had open
engineering
rolls on on your
company
website
and I recently
built out heat Maps
for one of my
projects
I would love
to connect
to learn uh I would love to
learn more about your open engineering
roles
please let me know if you ever
have a few minutes to chat
Angela I saw that hot jar had open
engineering roles in your company
website every Heat match for one of my
projects boom I'll link to it
I would love to learn more about Open
engineering roles so this is a global
remote company we really gotta shoot our
shot
would you happen
to have a
few minutes
next week to chat
if so
just name a time and I'll
move
mountains to make it work
have a great
rest viewer week
cheers yeah
there you go
love Moving Mountains they do all right
cool
I love heat Maps
I'm gonna click on it you're gonna click
on I don't care
hey Angela I saw that hot jar had open
engineering roles uh on your company
website and I recently built that heat
maps for one of my projects I'd love to
learn more about opening uh your open
rolls
would you happen to have a few minutes
next week to chat if so just name a time
and I'll move mountains make it work
cover grassy week cheers boom all right
uh super simple we didn't really we
couldn't really find anything to kind of
like latch onto
um but this is kind of like one of the
generic things that you can you can you
can do uh like you can just add
something that their product is
tangential to it would take you like
what 10-15 minutes to add that open
source heat map to your
um
to your project and then you would move
on right
hot jar
talking to Angela
what's her name
yeah Angela cool and I would like linked
all the stuff that we found
uh let's look at another Global remote
one here
dockyard
Stockyard
nope
it's modern tribe
calling all curious problem solvers sign
me up
uh
[Music]
so see it's a little bit it's a little
bit harder when you're not going through
a job board that already has like the
open roles uh maybe something we could
do that would speed this up would be if
we used our Google magic that we learned
from previous classes and just added all
these companies to it
right that's probably makes that
probably makes more sense
gitlab
engineering cool I got a lot of open
roles
uh
uh let's see if they have an angel list
profile
cool
I don't have a person listed look at all
the team members
just looking I always look for
recruiters first
senior technical recruiter all right
Liam
come on give me something I can work
with worked at gitlab are you still
you're no longer there
oh
you're still here
boom all right
let's see your profile says you got a
lot of stuff here we can work with
uh
uh let's go back let's actually take a
look at their profile real quick
did they go to university
yeah I guess
public speaker their Master care is at
um
get lab
boom
let's look at their profile
gitlab does not use recruitment agencies
so we have a large internal team
cool
crossfitting
festival or getting out into nature all
right we got we can hook onto any of
these uh writing crossfitting Festival
so like right off the bat
right right off the bat you could
you could if you if you if you have any
attachment to any of these
um
you could use that as your link in
uh messages are not open
they don't have their Twitter linked
uh was there Twitter on here no so we're
probably just gonna go with email since
they are a recruiter
um
they probably would have
LinkedIn
we could talk about dni work that would
probably be my in here but what I'm
going to do is I'm going to go ahead and
try and email them so let's go to Hunter
and do gitlab
let's see what it looks like it looks
like
first letter
last name
yeah pretty clear the first letter last
name so my email let's grab their John
over here
it would be Al McNally is what I would
start with
cool
all right
getlab.com all right yeah it looks like
it's coming up boom
um
and let's just say hey
Liam
and
is CrossFit
best of all going out to Nature
let's see
uh
uh Festival will probably be the best
like like talk about like a recent
Festival
I think something funny about
crossfitting could be had uh
I'm telling you when you're doing these
with global remote you gotta stand out
I got lost in the woods
hey Liam
I saw that
uh
I saw that get lab
had open roles and I wanted to
Reach Out
add open
engineering roles and I wanted to reach
out I promise
my engineering
talents
are
out pace
my
orienteering
tiering skills
cool
hey Liam I saw it open engineering rules
and I wanted to reach out across my
engineer transparent Pace my orienting
Orient hearing skills
you
would you
do you have any time
this month
to chat about
working at gitlab or
not getting lost in the woods
all of us have a great week
cheers
Leon
cool here we go
um let me go with
I noticed you
what do they say on on their on their
LinkedIn
I notice you like getting out to Nature
but like they're not completely like
what the heck's going on
all right
oh Liam Leon coincidence I think not
that could be a good one all right
I got lost in the woods they're
definitely clicking that I don't care
how many emails that they get uh they're
definitely clicking that hey Liam I saw
that gitler had open engineering roles
and wanted to reach out I promised my
engineering talents far outpace my
orienteering skills the only time I just
want to chat but we're gonna get low
we're not getting lost in the woods I
know she like getting out to Nature on
LinkedIn have a great week cheers Leon
uh wouldn't this come across as creepy
no we passed creepy exactly we're so
past creepy it's not creepy folks
Oh wrong one
it's networking
and so you got to get out of your head
you got to get out of your head you're
sending a hundred and eighty of these if
it works it works if it doesn't it
doesn't who cares
we're just trying to We're just trying
to get them to open our messages right
the biggest problem is that folks can't
get in front of the people that can that
can connect you right you can't lose a
job you don't have stop overthinking it
have some fun write some funny messages
right Find Your Way in winners win
losers lose you gotta find your way in
right and so this is the way you can
find your way in so I like this one
I got lost in the woods would be our
title and I think this is where we'll um
we'll call it we got nine out of ten
when we come back on Tuesday uh we're
gonna go hard we're gonna we're gonna
try and get 30 of these in one session
uh so I was trying to show you a little
bit more of like what I would do how I'd
reach out to folks and I hope that it's
been helpful to kind of see the approach
I would take to reaching out to these
very real people uh trying to get them
to open my messages trying to get them
to to give me the time of day uh but
that's kind of it
yeah key takeaway here is have fun with
it you can't lose a job you don't have
exactly uh you people put too much
pressure on themselves at this point in
the process and and that's pretty sad
because you're when you're overthinking
it you're not sending messages when
you're not sending messages you're not
opening up the doors that could help you
get the job so please just try it it's
one out of 180 some of them are gonna
fall flat some of them will will never
be opened
um but you're right there in the end all
right everybody have a wonderful rest of
your night hope this was some fun at
least hope you start to see the
intention behind the message that I send
hopefully getting folks to click
hopefully getting folks to start looking
at your application not being a
Clicker
[Laughter]
tomorrow we have our tea spill then all
next week we're here together uh office
hours class uh other fun stuff awaits us
so let's get into it this weekend please
take action
right please take action
right start your Hit List start if you
need me to tell you to start this is me
telling you to start
all right everybody have wonderful rest
of your night be well and I will see you
all at stand up tomorrow peace